## [Forward Problem using Physics-Informed-Neural-Network](https://github.com/sob-ANN/Projects/blob/main/Physics%20Informed%20Neural%20Networks/forward_problem_main.ipynb)
Physics Informed Neural Networks are a type of Universal Function Approximators that can be used to solve the underlying Differential Equation of a Physics problem. In this example, the deflection of a 1D Bar is modelled using PINN. Deflection at the two boundaries is zero and has been included in the modified loss function. In this case, no Input(x)-Output(displacement(x)) data is given. We have used only the Differential Equation of the underlying Physics and sampled points within the domain and minimised the 'residue' from the Differential Equation.

## [Inverse Problem using Physics-Informed-Neural-Network](https://github.com/sob-ANN/Projects/blob/main/Physics%20Informed%20Neural%20Networks/PINN_bar_inverse_main.ipynb)
In this example, we have solved an inverse problem of the same bar taken above. In this case, the deflections are known at each point on the bar. However, we do not know the physical properties of the bar(Axial Stiffness). Following similar principles as above, we have solved for EA(Axial Stiffness).

## [2D PINN](https://github.com/sob-ANN/Projects/blob/main/Physics%20Informed%20Neural%20Networks/2D%20PINN%20Project.ipynb)
Solution of a 2-Dimentional Elastic Deformation problem using Physics-Informed-Neural-Network. The solution is obtained by minimising the 'residue' of the governing Partial Differential Equations while also respecting the Direchlet Boundary Conditions. Further, a number of test body forces are used in order to see the different responses.
